the do the duties of of a cripple Odjick linguist are then the full but
the basic duty is to translate the target language into English but
that may involve a lot of things part of it is collection %HESITATION
sometimes the collection is %HESITATION voice %HESITATION that is
radio telephone and then that requires the privilege of going was
to understand the equipment that is working with and be able to select
the proper %HESITATION channels and %HESITATION tune up the equipment
so that he can receive the signal that he needs to receive and
then understand which %HESITATION voice for the conversations should
be recorded and then later translated and reported on so %HESITATION
cryptologic linguist does some %HESITATION transcription of voice
%HESITATION does some translation of written materials that are presented
to him that come in by other means %HESITATION it's done some
intelligence reporting that is sitting down and trying to analyze %HESITATION
what the information really means and what it might be important
and %HESITATION keeping track of very communication issues what
channels are being used what frequency is being used when Christian
methods being used to help out other members of his community